Early, what I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
So what do I do?
I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen and people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines.
I live there for four years.
I go to Des Moines.
I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle.
I infect a couple of cases there.
I go to North Carolina.
I go to Wisconsin.
What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition.
These individuals complain.
Again, this is a central nervous system condition.
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do.
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms.
And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet.
I take attribution for that.
Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x, y, and z.
These people are really sick with this.
Then I say others who are also infected will show subdramal, predrome signs of lethality and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal and I've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door.
The CDC comes back and says nonsense.
That's not real.
I come back and say that's fake news.
And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism between the polis and the public health system.
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
And, you know, it's not, you know, measles plus.
I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that has got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
There'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
And this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another.
I mean, so.
And I also now know that our friend Jonathan Cooey, who some of you will know from his lab leak series early in the pandemic called JC on a bike journal club on a bike.
That he also has advanced a version of this hypothesis. So I don't claim it to be unique. I do think I arrived at it independently.
Where, you know, I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to.
So that's the best I can do with that. I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic.
We're going to be starting here in a few seconds.
I always need to straighten a bunch of things out in the background here because I push the button to make sure that I don't back out.
And then I usually figure out that something isn't quite right. And so.
Anyway, I'm getting there. It's almost done.
17th of January, 2024, I mean.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally in these COVID vaccines or vaccines, the flu vaccines vaccine.
Okay. But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines and.
You know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada saying nine months is as actually J.
Insistence and I think he's right. I'm calling them transfections rather than the vaccines.
You scheduled for 60 minutes next is going on French British Italian Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
So, we are being manipulated
So we are being manipulated by an unseen mechanism and that unseen mechanism has increased in
power in ways that we can't really fully fathom. But it has a lot to do with with machine learning
and artificial intelligence if you want to call it that but those algorithms that they use
have been turned against us and they've they've led us to believe that the idea is that AI is
going to solve a lot of really big problems but it's actually just going to be our prison
and if we don't learn our history real quick it's going to be race that's for darn sure
because they don't want anyone to be able to see anymore they don't want anyone to be shown
anymore they want all of us to be those types of people who do not see they want our children
to be those types of people that do not see even when they're shown and that's what this
this whole operation is all about it's ignoring the biology that would free our
children if you ignore the biology that will free our children then it doesn't really matter what
you do you can you can you can really fight and seem like you're fighting but you'll be
bamboozled the whole time and as you're bamboozled you will lose interest in finding the truth because
your salary will depend on you not finding the truth because your family will depend on you not
finding the truth and that's where a lot of these people are they've given into the charlatan
and now they can't turn their back on it anymore even if they know and some of these people know
some of them don't want to know the lookaway doctrine it's everywhere now
yeah so you know Frank Zappa's dad whatever it doesn't mean that he didn't tell the truth
a lot of these people are telling the truth it's just what they don't tell you or what they don't
question that traps you that's how you see the theater for what it is
because you see that they've been making us ask questions that are irrelevant
asking questions that are irrelevant has gotten us 50 years through history without asking the
relevant questions about this situation and only now are we starting to question those things
ladies and gentlemen this is a stream brought to you by a patch clamp physiologist kick home
is a resistance measurement that applies to patch clamp physiological recordings
and so this is a Gigaohm Biological high resistance low noise information brief
you can find me at Gigaohm Biological dot com and gigaohm.bio. gigaohm.bio is a little
bit more of a messaging board um you can also find my confession at that link called scooby
you can find a one-time support link there and support giga ohm you can find a link to watch
the brief a schedule a download of the stream deck is coming very soon online every week
and there's a voicemail box an email address and then there's the subscribers
we're trying to get enough of these so that Gigaohm Biological is completely 100 independent
news source 100 independent reporting of biological scientific natural news if you will
i know there's lots of different sources like that but that doesn't mean we don't need more
independent sources and sources that can teach um i'm gonna put my neck out there and say that
i am a talented teacher and that's what i want to do going forward these people are supporting
my work now and you can join them by simply subscribing to my work there and any uh contribution would
be great um i don't know what's going on here this is really what i want
i'm just gonna do that again so keep in mind we're still trying to break through this idea
that something happened in 2019 that we got to tell our kids about we got to tell our kids about
what happened in 2020 that our kids have to remember the way the pandemic went when they
were in high school we got to break this faith in a novel virus we really got to break it because
if our kids grow up believing this and the the kids that are in college right now are about to
graduate believing this this faith um we could be in really really really big trouble um we don't
want the voting public not to understand that intramuscular injection of any combination of
substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb we need everybody to understand
that we really do and so we are fighting against this faith in a novel virus that kills millions
that millions more were saved from that's likely from gain of function and that will definitely
come again and perhaps even more deadly forms they've been lost on this road for a long time
but we can break out people like jessica hockett and others have been noticing that there's no
evidence for spread in new york city and other places where mass casualty events occurred uh
some biologists like jonathan cooley have noticed that infectious clones are the only real rna threat
and if placebo batches are likely distributed heck even kevin mccaren found placebo batches
over in japan and is completely forgotten it seems like transfection and healthy mammals is dumb
um the protocols were murdered gain of function is just a mythology especially with regard to
coronavirus um you know scooby-doo is real i mean this is a mystery that we've been fooled into
solving we've been we've been fooled into believing these people are arguing and backstabbing each
other and suing each other and really what you're seeing is a spectacular commitment to lies that's
what you're seeing it's really hard to crack the belief of a novel virus with college kids i
know it i can't even imagine jill i can't even imagine um if you ever want me to zoom with them
uh you know independently off offline i would be happy to do it jill
i actually a long long time ago tried and did a two and a half hour stream with a husband
trying to stop a divorce and i'm not even kidding i really i either did that or was or was made to
believe that i had done that um i'm not really sure how to how else to say that because that's
really how all of us need to think about our experiences during this pandemic have you been
led to believe something or did you actually experience something that has led you to believe
it or were you tricked into asking the wrong questions and then given the wrong answers and
therefore led to believe something or have you really objectively experienced something that has
given you an experience that leads you to understand the world better and therefore really knows
something and that's really what's super duper tricky about the pandemic and and the uh what i
now have pretty much come to understand as a theater um that has been enacted upon us and it's
just really a question of why was the theater triggered um and and really who could have
stopped it and i think you're going to figure out that an awful lot of people could have
stopped it but didn't and that will that will bring you to a sort of different conclusion about how
the theater was sustained um and you almost need to come to the conclusion that that the theater was
sustained sort of on purpose um so i'm going to skip out of this and get a new
slide deck up here if you don't mind just real quick um giggle on biological is the safest way
to get biology into your brain um this is a supporter jeff from earth he's actually jeff from
canada um who recently had a glioma removed from his skull um i'm not sure why they decided to
install the extra pocket on his head um but that's quite a scar um i'm sure if he didn't already
have kids and a wonderful wife um that would be real handy on the bar scene oh wait there's no
bar scene anymore gee well anyway um thanks very much for all your support jeff and thanks very
much for getting that scar in your head in the shape of an ohm um again this 17th of january
2020 and we are still dealing with what essentially could be characterized as a military response
um to an emergency uh the interesting thing about this military response to an emergency
is that didn't i do that um is that we've heard
we've heard a story several times on this stream and we play it every time in the beginning
about how this might be done in the sense of trying to give the impression of of widespread
pathogenic spread of some new weapon virus whatever um and dr jeer donno explains very well
how actually with the help of the internet you would only need a few cases that presented in the
correct way that presented in the crisis sort of way and then you would use the internet to propel
the the idea that this was an impending disaster an impending doom an impending possibility that
without lockdowns and all the other responses maybe without countermeasure use or protocols um that
that a disaster would was inevitable and then by fracturing the trust between the government
and the populace you essentially wreck a country and and wreck it for a long time and now the
interesting thing about what dr jeer donno explains in this video that we've played
too many times to count is that he doesn't explain the possibility that a country could
already be fractured on many different political and socioeconomic lines and that such an operation
using a false flag or using a a limited bio weapon that could be misconstrued as spread or or
staging mass casualty events that could be misconstrued and spread or some combination of both
in a country that was already politically and socioeconomically fractured
that a narrative about a lab leak or a terrorist attack or a lab leak or a foreign
lab leak or or a native lab leak or all the other speculation that went on in 2020 could be used
in a way that far exceeds what the scenario that he now describes he's simply describing a
relatively stable country that then has this sort of scenario unleashed upon it but what about a
country that's already highly unstable what about a country that's already been fractured and and
divided for for a decade what about a country that has been riled up and and it's it's racial
divides reinvigorated when in fact they they were in fact pretty okay in the 90s
and so we're really talking here about a a much more dangerous scenario than than what's described
here by Dr. Giordano because again if the Scooby-Doo was applied in such a way so that there was a
host of people on all sides to argue for a lab leak possibility to argue for the natural
possibility to make that absurd to insult one another like the Rasmussen's and the
um I don't know who would have been on the other side of of of this thing I guess um
well me and drastic and the people that were arguing that this had to be a lab leak that
they were covering it up it was obvious it didn't dawn on me right away I knew for sure that
Rand Paul and Tony Fauci were doing something in front of the senate that didn't make sense
to me but at the time the concept that that the dangers of coronavirus could be exaggerated
never mind that the existence of and the fidelity of the coronavirus biology signal whatever that is
in the wild could be grossly over exaggerated or even wholly made from from from fresh cloth I don't
know it took me a long time to see that and I don't necessarily think it was all of those
people's fault up there I don't know if I would blame the Bailey's for example I don't know if
I would blame Christine Massey for example it's hard for me to know who to blame up there because
they were right they have been isolated a virus and proven that it causes the symptomology that's
there and that that is a an argument but if you believe that there are viruses if you believe that
that all of this stuff couldn't have been all made up from whole cloth then it's very difficult
to reconcile those two ideas because there were people dying there were doctors complaining there
were people complaining some of us got sick there was a whole list of of early covid survivors
many of whom are on this screen here
and so it's a very very wicked game that has been played on us because even those of us who
were looking for the truth there were traps on all sides
it seems as though the no virus trap above my head was really something of an isolation trap
something that it's hard to really codify because at any moment in time they could just come forward
now and say that Remdesivir killed people not a virus they can say that opioids killed people
not a virus they could say that all kinds of changes in hospital protocols or emergency
social policies that caused an increase in all caused mortality could then been misconstrued
using a non-specific PCR test to cause what looks like mass casualty events are spread but they're
not and those people up there didn't take much time to try and explain what was actually happening
they just told you that nothing was happening that there is no virus they didn't isolate it
but they didn't explain what was going on they couldn't explain away what all these doctors were
seeing or why they were seeing it or what was going on I do think that Alex Zeck at times had
had made um hypotheses or said things that maybe it could be a toxin and that a toxin could explain
it and I don't think that that's necessarily incorrect and because we need to treat this like
a crime scene then whatever was causing these mass casualty events and potentially it could have
been some kind of aerosolized toxin that triggered that but we need some proof then right we got to
go back and get it we got to get angry we got to do it we need people in charge that can actually
go figure this out because they have convinced us that there was a lab leak cover-up happening
before our eyes and the vast majority of skilled tv watchers believe it
and so we have been left with people like Brett Weinstein who argue that if lockdowns can be
effective if you live on an island lockdowns can be effective if you lock down hard enough
or you lock down the right people or if you forcefully drug everybody with 60 days of ivermectin
these are not theories that are off the table anymore these are not theories that he has
disowned he just discussed them not even a couple months ago with Shellenberger or whatever it is
that lockdowns are effective and so we are still left with this idea that there was a novel virus
that millions died and more and more saved from and that it's gained a function is real and that
a virus will come again very few of these people except for those at the top
like Mike Eden and Wolfgang Wodach and and sorry and uh Denny Rancour and Nick Hudson I don't know
that Sukhid Bhakti believes that I think Sukhid Bhakti thinks that there was a virus and then
it went around and then it maybe it was very bad and that the spike protein was toxic I think
that's possible that he still believes that I know that still Peter McCullough believes that I still
know that Robert F Kennedy Jr believes that and so almost all of these other people on this
page believe that there was a novel virus that gained a function is real and very dangerous
Robert Malone believes that that that a bachelor's student can make viruses in their garage
and this is not this is not some small exaggeration that is harmlessly being passed on to these
college students that were terrorized for the last three years that had to be tested
that get have to quarantine and wear masks in their classes all the time
this had a real effect on them this is three years of brainwashing basically brainwashing
into believing this and even if we don't believe it they believe that we need to save them we need
to actively seek out ways of saving these kids these young adults who are going to go on and
if they do go on to have children they're going to go on to have children and pass it along
sorry I'm going to start it again yes I was I was observing already what happened in 2021
exactly December of 2020 when they start massive vaccination hold on one second this is Wolfgang
Wodach yes I was I was observing and he is
he is whoa what is this that shouldn't be that big sorry about that um he is going to talk about
his book author false pandemics yada yada but he's going to tell basically what he thought
remember that Wolfgang Wodach is one of the first people to speak out in 2020 I played a
couple videos of his very early on in 2020 he's one of the people that made me realize that this
could really just be nonsense him and Michael Eden are the two guys that question very early
on the novelty of it and the the idea that we wouldn't have overlapping immunity from other
illnesses it didn't really necessarily none of us got the biology right as I see it now
um most of us and I think including Wolfgang and Michael Eden still operate with some model of
the biological world that includes RNA and DNA signals at this time at this size scale
and they may or may not be infectious we don't necessarily need and and and replicate and stuff
like that but we do need to acknowledge that the idea here is novelty the idea here is that
everyone is vulnerable the idea here is that no one has previous immunity those principles those
biological parameters are part of the narrative that must be reinforced by these people or it becomes
a complete mythology because the whole thing tumbles apart until you get to the point where
you realize that RNA can't do what they claim it did but the tumbling doesn't start until you
stop acknowledging that there are viruses that do these things and we need to start talking about
we don't really understand how this transmission occurs all the time there are some reasonable
examples that seem to indicate that there's some almost tangible RNA signal that can be
transferred from human to human or animal to animal but it's not it's not definitive evidence the
way that it is portrayed by virology and I don't think that Wolfgang Wodach is free of that yet but
he is free of the idea that that pandemics are something that the world needs to shut down from
or let's just listen to see where he is already with what what they did with when the clinical
studies in 2020 started and they published the clinical studies were published and we can see
we could see that you needed to to to give the injection to more than hundred people
just to prevent one case of corona flu and so this is a very ineffective
and not effective way of protecting people and and so he's arguing against the vaccinations
he's arguing against the vaccinations using data about PCR based infections
and so in some ways he's still playing the game of the Scooby-Doo in in the much the same way you
would be if you accepted the sequences that are given to you by the CDC or if you accepted the
the PCR positivities that are given to you by the CDC at the beginning of the pandemic it's just
not very logical to accept their data at face value given what we know from Jessica Hockett
given what we know from Denny Rancourt and yet he's still basically walking that line where
there was a novel virus but it wasn't very dangerous and of course this is the very wicked
enchantment that you would be casting on your children because again once you accept that
there's a virus the question of whether or not it was laboratory created or we got lucky this time
is now an all all an in question of interpretation and so there is no way to save college kids
college young adults if you use this narrative there's no way that's not saving them at all
and in fact it leaves the door open for them to interpret that indeed it was a novel virus
it was from a laboratory but we got lucky and we need to be very careful that we don't let any
of our family and friends fall into that trap and we saw in the same time that the that the
nanoparticles and the RNA which was injected is a gene therapy it was called a vaccine but it was
a gene therapy so just imagine oh shoot I can't do this like this okay I'll do it right now then
you would have told the people five years ago oh dear people we want to give you we want to
change your genes we want to make your genes do something or yourselves do something the
never did before we give you an injection you will be genetically modified for some time at least
and this can just protect you against the flu people would say I'm not crazy but the propaganda
worked a lot and so this this is what what happened and I was I was saying this already with my with
my geed and with the former if you were former director of Pfizer science director of Pfizer and
we wrote a letter to the email to the to the agency pharmaceutical agency and in in for from
the EU and we told them stop those clinical studies there's there can only be nonsense out of it
and it was nonsense what was out of it and but they went on and they had the contracts
mrs. van der Leiden bought all those millions of doses they made a lot of business billions they
earned and this this all went on and I was observing them when it started when the injections were
given to the people it were not is what not the doctors normal doctors but they came with with
just such gangs of farmers of medicine of doctors which were which were hired extra for that and
they were accompanied by soldiers and this it was very very it was a campaign where the normal
medical service was was bypassed and like that they bypassed critical doctors they just started
injecting the people with the assistance of soldiers and afterwards the doctors started
injecting two because they and they they got a lot of money for each injection they got 30
30 euros for one injection which is very easy money and there were many doctors were following
this because you can earn a lot of money so this is a way of corrupting doctors doing things they
would never have done before and this was all going on and I was observing the data of Robert
Koch Institute where they where you can see when when there is an emergency in a case where you
know whether where the blue light on the on the on the cars and they go to hospital and emergency
cases and they have they have they they write down how many emergency cases are there for respiratory
reasons respiratory diseases or for cardiovascular diseases so a heart attack or stroke or something
like that and and for nervous the nervous system and I found out that there was no nothing happening
with the respiratory diseases it stayed the same but the cardiovascular cases the emergencies
they were going up there was skyrocketing in the same time as the injections were given
and the same was with the neurological with the neurological diseases and all this happened
this were for me the first indicators there there's something going on and it must be some
some effect of those injections which is very rapidly coming so it was coming
in the of just the first two weeks after the injection most of this and so we went on we
went on discussing how the mechanism how this pattern mechanism could be like when you inject
those RNA and we there was Mr. Professor Bakti and others and we had we had very good explanations
for what was going on and we were we were shouting alarm don't take this shot you will be ill
they don't protect you and we were we were they tried to silence us they tried to make us
panic we make panic and so and this is yeah why I made the show I make we were not very successful
although there were many people who who were listening to us they were protected they didn't
take shot they had problems yeah so that's what that's definitely one of the heroes of the
2009 swine flu he actually spoke out against that and and and brought the idea of a fake pandemic
to the fore and let us see that the who and other organizations had a vested interest in this
happening that they were signing contracts with governments so that governments when
the who declared a pandemic that they were triggering purchasing contracts of flu vaccine
and they were actually pitting countries against one another saying that you know Denmark bought
so many doses and so if you don't buy this many doses when we go and sell to the Netherlands there
might not be enough for you and so you better reserve enough and they were signing contracts
with countries like this before the the swine flu occurred and so Germany had a contract which
was triggered by the who's declaration of the swine flu pandemic and the rollout of that vaccine
had lots of side effects that he spoke out about and got it stopped and and also then
pointed to this as being a sort of racketeering or cartel type operation and so he was in a unique
position to speak out at the beginning of the pandemic and people that heard him amplified him
and some people didn't and I think if you figure out who didn't amplify Mike Eden, Wolfgang Woda,
Knutwitskowski you will find the teamwork case scenario you will find a whole bunch of people
who just ignored these guys in 2020 and these are teamwork case scenario these are people
who are disingenuously representing the calamity as a potential billion people dead
and the end of civilization as we know it that potential was implied on purpose so that people
would transfect themselves so that people would think wow maybe I should get transfected because
it can't be as bad as this virus that is something that was implied and we need to acknowledge that a
lot of people we know implied it and now what's going on is that people who have the truth people
that have the the real story that needs to be told are being silenced they are being given some
attention and some fame but inevitably they themselves will not rise their story will not
actually fully be told but it will be absorbed by someone else someone else who will seem to
hat tip to them will seem to tell some of their story will seem to say hey this contribution is
great but will leave out very key aspects of their contributions so that actually no one ever hears
it I believe that this conference in Romania in Bucharest has a number of people that were
invited to this conference in order that they would feel like their message was getting out that
they were being heard that they were making progress that things were okay and in reality
there were people there that were just simply going to make them feel that way and then step
in front of them and promote them in a way that actually didn't move the narrative that didn't
move the narrative of a novel virus that millions were killed by that millions of more were saved
from it that that is intact even if there are people on this stage with data that shows that
that can't be true that doesn't matter because the end result is the end message out of this
this this conference was controlled and I'm going to show you how that is here's an example
of someone who wasn't even at the conference but for some reason doesn't know that Denny
Rancor's data shows that there's no evidence of spread that it can't cross borders and that
the shot is killing the old people selectively which makes it even a worse idea listen carefully
to this ask you about some things you told me in the break you're going to be testifying
in front of Congress here about the vaccine and so forth and I played some things for
people on the program here I played some things from a conference that was held in Romania here
a few weeks ago where they had the graphs of the all-cause mortality all-cause mortality and how
it spiked following the release of the vaccines from the different companies and their conclusion
from all the numbers from all the countries and all the extrapolations they came up with this
17 million people died globally roughly in their estimation from when you put out billions of
vaccines 17 million was their takeaway does that strike you is shocking there's a strike you
is believable what do you make of that I know you spent a lot of time looking at Anthony Fauci
and the vaccines and all the things related to covid what do you make of such a claim
the adjective is catastrophic it's a catastrophic biological safety disaster these vaccines that
the the number was derived from a paper that was published by Dennis Rancourt from Canada
and it's an ecological analysis that implies the vaccines have backfired instead of saving lives
they've cost lives and in the United States you know our CDC is admitting to over 18,000 Americans
have died after the vaccines people have reported this and they think the vaccines caused the death
that's underreported probably 30 to 1 so in the United States we're approaching 600,000 American
lives lost with the vaccine oh the 18,000 the CDC has recorded 1150 happened right in the vaccine
center for a few hours afterwards so 600,000 is the number you're looking at
caused directly by the injection this experimental application of mRNA technology however in the
United States only I got it so 17 million is the number that you believe is is credible right
that's what you're telling us 17 million globally 600,000 Americans I think those should be the
numbers we should work with these are catastrophic this is worse than a war this is not a minor side
effect or a minor issue there are calls to pull these vaccines off the market now for a long time
from the world council for health the association of American physician surgeons I've made the
call in the u.s. senate european parliament now florida surgeon general joel adapo says
pull them off the market they're not safe so joel adapo said that there's a potential for
dna integration some people on the other side are laughing that that's ridiculous
and in this episode there's no mention of who dies of protocols or who might have died from
um mistreatment in the hospitals even though I've heard him say elsewhere that this is there's
iatrogenic um iatrogenic murders or or iatrogenic deaths um we didn't really hear it here and we
are still um focused only on the shot um and not we're not focused on the fact that there's no
evidence of spread and that's not necessarily something that can be done on this interview
item not saying that that peter is doing bad here in this interview i just want you to see
that we are still kind of stuck behind that ball and we need to find ways to get people to
consider the possibility that that this that the no evidence of spread needs to be acknowledged
they're fine with 17 million people being killed by by the transfection
but they're going to keep calling them vaccines they don't want to call them
transfections they're going to call them vaccines they're fine with that number but they're not fine
with trying to think about how many people were killed by the hospital protocols how many people
were killed by social changes that occurred um social measures that took their toll and hospital
protocols that were were just plain deadly um
so again uh what i want you to want to suggest here is that i don't think that
denny rancor gave a poor presentation while he was in romania i think what it is is that
the those people who were in romania that are responsible for maintaining
the potential worst case scenario as an open possibility and i've been calling these people
team worst case scenario these people have taken to promoting one particular part of denny rancor's
data and that is the 17 million people number they are not at all interested in promoting the
observation that it doesn't seem that any of these mash casualty events are spreading events
they occur and then they disappear and he doesn't have an explanation for that
he also doesn't notice a lot of all caused more uh increased all-cause mortality around the world
at the time of the covid spread in the united states there are a few mass casualty events but
nothing really big deal except for in new york so it's a very odd situation that in reality what
happens is it seems that a lot of old people a lot of old people sick people
are killed in a few places and that protocols are used to kill people based on a test
and that this all-cause mortality overlaps with the rollout of the shot
that this all-cause mortality doesn't really come out in the wash unless you look at specific
places and it doesn't cross any borders even counties in america and so just that statement
alone you would think would interest brett weinstein you would think it would interest
it would interest jessica rose but those two curiously have not covered at all you would think
you would interest uh mary nash she's writing a lot of of sub-stacks lately and blog posts
you'd think that she would be interested in that key observation that the shot seems to be really
hurting old people that's a very very very curious pattern here another thing that all of these
people seem to be non-plus by is the presentation that nick hudson gave there i don't know what it
was i didn't get to see a copy of it but i'm pretty sure it was pretty tight on the idea that the
numbers don't support the declaration that it was aatrogenic murder i'm pretty sure that's what
nick hudson would have said when he was on stage i've seen him presented elsewhere
and they have wholly ignored him nobody's mentioned him literally no one that was at this
conference has mentioned him yet i don't want to say literally there i just blew it
actually no one at this conference that has blogged about it has mentioned nick hudson's talk
and so what i want you to see here is how i believe and i think other people have noticed
that this narrative is probably curated
it is curated by people who are committed to this narrative can committed to this faith
and protected at all costs and that is indeed their job that's how this pandemic was created
there have been people who it was their job to move a little money and take a little salary and
collaborate with some chinese labs
write some grand proposals and some papers that imply pandemic potential
none of the papers that we've ever seen from the wiv or from ralph barrick's lab have shown us pandemic
potential but have implied that the measurements or the manipulations that they've made in combinations
with the observations have changed indicate the pandemic potential exists
the only other way that we have any existence of it are who declared pandemics of sars and mares
they've also conducted upper level exercises drilling the response to a gain of function
bio-weapon pandemic whatever from crimson contagion to clade x to dark winter
all the way to event 201 of course
and so seeding mash casualty events with the complications it's expected for the
transfection expected for the countermeasure they already knew they were going to transfect
people because they already knew mederna and anovio were the top runners we saw anovio's
video on the bbc like they were the top one of the top in running potential vaccine candidates
we saw the the vats of of the the spike protein dna being grown behind the lady of the bbc who
said that she could smell it and so they knew that they were going to transfect us to the spike
protein the question is is that spike protein a a biologic which has been altered in a way that
maybe a company like epivacs in in road island might alter a protein by adding a specific epitope
to it an epitope that your immune system couldn't ignore did they then seed that that protein
in certain places around the world so that it would be sequenced and reported
and so that when they rolled out the countermeasure that was already planned
as a change to transfection when they rolled out this countermeasure
that it would already have an immunogen built into it that it would already have an epitope inside
of this spike protein that they just decided after 45 minutes to start running with it
that that wouldn't be just serendipitously a highly immunogenic protein that would make a
robust immune response after 20 after five transfections but it would have been a planted pre-designed
protein to have the right epitope or epitopes so that when people were transfected by it they
would show a robust response but also come with some complications that they would just
seed into the narrative of the lab leak seed into the narrative of the spreading pandemic in the first
year or two years depending on how long it would take to actually start the transfections
some people have posited that it was supposed to be longer than it was
and that something changed to make them speed up this whole schedule it was supposed to be two
years until the vaccine came out i know that vince and racquet yellow said that i know that mark
kulak has hypothesized that but without a doubt the most one of the most important things
was to have a team worst case scenario several team worst case scenarios on network news on
social media in the backwaters of the dark web of the internet ready and waiting
already primed to speculate about the worst case scenario billion people dead you better
make some masks might as well lock down we need a lot more than 15 days this is a red dragon event
maybe you know remdesivir works but everybody else is dying people are dropping dead in the
street look at this video look at that video those people were real i know because they sucked me
in i know because they chatted with me offline i know because they called me i know because they
came to my house i know because they've shook my hand i've known because they've taken pictures
with me i know because they've lied to my face
and the fact of the matter is this was a national security response it's a national security
operation so very many of these people that we've been looking to for help and guidance may very
well be restricted in what they can say may very well be participating in such a way that
makes it impossible for them to contribute to our freedom impossible for them to help
actually save our kids and so the toxicity of an imaginary virus has been conflated with the
toxicity of a very real transfection that may or may not be the real transfection of a real
immunogen that has been designed to stimulate our immune system it doesn't necessarily have to
be nonsense it doesn't necessarily have to be badly made it could have had doses and and lots
that were well made well taken care of reasonably well prepared and actually transfected this very
live protein which could have toxic effects which are beyond that of just expressing a foreign
protein in yourselves which we already know by definition would be very dangerous
especially in any mammal that you wanted to live a long happy life afterward
but nonetheless we have all been fooled by this teamwork case scenario to accepting the
pandemic potential and bad caves in culture in animal passage and in genetic stitching
and the reason why is because they want our kids sovereignty
and so they have fooled us into this believing that all these people agree from Fauci to Malone
that there is a worst case scenario that could be worse than a nuclear weapon from rixie
to to kim.com from Sam Harris all the way to Brett Weinstein they all agree Sam Harris and
Brett's Weinstein both agree the gain of function is real and that this could be the worst case
scenario and if it wasn't the next one will be 75 mortality Brett and and John Campbell and
Joe Rogan and and and Mike Osterholm and and Ron Fauci in the Netherlands and all of these people
all agree that this is real and so there's really no debate anymore
they've really fooled us into accepting this because for three years we were solving their
mystery we were unmasking the bad guys and then the bad guys were confessing to us
that's what we've been watching is this fake Scooby-Doo where they diminish the value
and the expertise of our national health care societies and international health
exercise like the WHO and the CDC however they they I think those are our bodies that are built
for peacetime and not for war and we're at war right now with this virus and we're at war with
this virus right now you see he's giving a message that he's told to give it's almost certain in my
mind that he was co-opted that he was absorbed by this national security priority that's why he
got to write a book about ivermectin and spends most of his time talking about ivermectin it's
part of this if you solve the mystery of ivermectin and ivermectin studies and ivermectin
effectiveness you have already accepted that there is a virus from which you need saving
you have already accepted a monster that's behind you you've already accepted bad guys need unmasking
and that's not where we are because the mystery virus does not equal excess deaths until you
do the math and nobody will do this math nobody on at the government will do the math nobody on
the news will do the math none of these mystery virus people will do the math they've all accepted
the pandemic they've all accepted it and they all ignore all of these things they have to they have
to ignore all of these things otherwise there was no spread they have to ignore all this fraud
or there was no spread they don't talk about any of it anymore none of it
and so we've seen Brett Weinstein on the the less the Lex Friedman podcast talking about
the potential lab leak the idea that zero covid is still possible we heard him say that
and we've heard lots of other people say that we've actually heard some people say that
and demicity is the worst case scenario in a lab leak because that means that you didn't
lock down harden you didn't control the spread and that it became endemic and that you're stuck
with it forever we've heard people say that this is the kind of immunomythology that they want our
children to believe just happened to them and we can't let it this was also this was also
brought on us by bad ideas that were spread the the actual Scooby-Doo that I call the mystery of
the lab leak virus whatever was seeded by people like Yuri Dagan and Brett Weinstein
Yuri Dagan is a member of drastic he's one of the people that voted me out because I wanted
to study the transfection and Brett Weinstein had him on his podcast to see that Scooby-Doo
narrative back in the day that helped me to believe that that was really a mystery worth solving
and I kept coming back to the idea but if our immune system can handle it because it's just a
coronavirus then who cares what is this story really about why is everybody so interested
in making it a lab leak but of course if you make it a lab leak then people are scared enough to
take a transfection if you make it a lab leak then it makes sense that that heart attacks are
caused by this crazy virus kidney failures are caused by this crazy virus it's multi systemic
inflammatory nuttiness and so that's how they got us they got us to solve the mystery they got us
to play Scooby-Doo they got us to believe that we were teenagers watching the the adults argue
and the adults kept making mistakes that led us to believe that wow the adults are lying to us
and finally we trapped a couple of these people and pulled off their mask and lo and behold there's
Peter Dasek there's Tony Fauci there they are
so what I've got here for you is a video that was sent to me by one of my viewers
who I really who's sub-stack I really should be plugging right now but I'm not plugging it so
I'm gonna do it tomorrow this is a a video that was prepared for a university in Australia
who was teaching a course to undergraduates called biosecurity and
okay I'm not gonna remember it but again I'm gonna find it but it was a
biosecurity and like global health or something like that and so this is a five-part movie that
has been merged all into one it's not that long and it's a movie doing a scenario about
a impending pandemic so I want you to listen to this and realize that what this is his part of this
illusion of consensus which was established already long long ago
as a inside and out assumption that you know if things go wrong if we get unlucky a pandemic
could kill millions if not billions of people and that's what is implied here in these exercises
in these tabletop exercises and in these university courses where a very high level production
movie is made to spark discussion among the students about what a pandemic is and how to
manage it now if you hear that and see that this as part of that it's absolutely extraordinary
so just enjoy this please enjoy this because it's shocking the counterterrorism unit at
megalopolis okay so it's an imaginary place but they're all Australian
thank you
marasoni maras alex a long time is it the flu that's what they're saying out of season that
sudden department of health hasn't heard anything i like how i'm just this source of
information after record it's always off the record so what do you want to do or rest the
flu i want to bring someone in who could identify whether this even is the flu well the sniffles
don't go away why was i put in charge of disease control and bioterrorism if no one is going to
take me seriously it presents just as big a threat as bombings or rogue gunmen bigger
i tell you what why don't you keep an eye on things and in the meantime i promise to wash
my hands and cover the mouth of a cough okay
so
doctor hardy what can you tell us about the flu outbreak well i'll say what i said this morning
the most likely cause is severe flu so please just take caution um just to make note antonia hardy
anthony fauci and tonya hardy anthony fauci just notice that
alex oh shit nice to see you too well you came halfway across the city with good news
hospitals are filling up but that's not why i'm here we initially saw the spread originating
from one place mandona primary school makes sense but looking closer there are multiple origins
whether so there's no common link between the clusters
terrorism let's not jump to any conclusions it could still be undetected chains of transmission
it could still be the flu but people are dying people die from the flu okay incubation period two
to seven days fever chills body aches a shortness of breath coughing still symptoms of severe flu
i don't think it's what what's wrong it's a dead toe update it's bigger than i thought
okay call me if anything changes bye so that would have been a pause for discussion i guess
oh truth dot com oh secret weapons and secret information
oh truth is spreading and it's doing anything about it so we did make a profit there's a university
and then a stand it will all be come here
they're sorry i'm working on it my wife is sick and she's in quarantine sorry later
flat white with one i've stopped taking sugar sorry that's fine actually i could use the energy
as a parliament are considering a full quarantine if it continues to grow which
looks likely none of these groups are known for chemical warfare we have guns knives
so yeah it's done so sorry sorry um we're having trouble finding the owner of our block is either
going through a router or a high tech encryption we'll keep working better sure sure where the
counter terrorism union and we can't even crack a conspiracy theorist website nobody kills 100
people just to kill 100 people you do it to send a message you do it to make a point
maybe they're waiting for the body count to grow pandemics a big business money fame prestige
what do you know about the university of men don't know it's a university they don't do with
this kind of thing plus its government fund it's super regulated oh it's wife died that's pretty
quick oh that is like a hour more dead you hear about frank's wife people are getting antsy
where days away from a full blown riot so it's a strain of bird flu but the lab test shows several
genetic mutations which means it's possibly engineered but no one's coming forward so so
that's all we that's all i know
i might have found something thank god that blog you sent me the one you thought was crazy
i did a little dig it the owner of the blog also posted on some forums in one of these forums
he mentions a secret lab which he says is connected to Antonia Hardy the university of
men donut but Hardy when she's head of research she's respected i mean he's not unheard of people
to go rogue what do you think i think it's a little too little to go on seven one three eight
four seven three seven six six if you want to talk didn't you say i never applied yeah
we've got a lot of news up it's Rachelle it's Alex i need a favor
now keep in mind the production level of this right this is for a course in australia
at the university of new south wales i think anyway the point is is that this is produced
for a university course and this level of production is not a joke but it's few that the
many are wondering how could this happen and why there are no answers
Hardy what do you think about the allegations that are for your research people are dying
we're working on a way to stop that but aren't the allegations true me party
the university is currently suing the owner of that blog for defamation
does that answer your question do we know who owns the blog well we don't know who runs the blog
she either does or she doesn't she's not suing them maria did you just see the news
is this Alex Papalia my name is Joia i'm sorry i don't know who that is i run the truth
meet this uh yeah joey uh tell me about the secret lab i used to work at the university
oh you have to sell the lab wish you would
joey so what happened at this lab right
don't do joey you know me break the police
ha the witness got killed did you hear the bullet did you guys hear the bullet the bullet was
he killed him wow look at that the guy knew of the secret lab and then he killed him he was
going to whistle blow and say go to this address find anything you can grab lucy on the way get
her to find me everything that she can on joey addams at nton get hardy and find every employee
at the university men donor named rick or richard or ricki this came for you uh oh
no no time for character arcs indeed oh he got a usb stick i wonder what was on it
oh he's gonna put it in right now type it's not a virus
oh wow oh all right get this printed joe joey addams ex-employee at mandurne university research
scientists fired in 2012 for workplace harassment richard phalst known to his co-workers as rick
head of private security at the university ex-military ex-drawal ex-corp too
hardy's preface posting because she just carries him with her like a handbag and this is hardy
let me call you back i hope you know more than last time elix i've spoken with judge turner to
a ranger warrant i'm assembling a small team to bring antonia hardy in she's one of the few people
working on a vaccine i believe she's already developed i spoke with an ex-employee of always
told me about a secret lab for off-the-record research there are documents and emails from
heidi referring to the virus from before the outbreak so he's not worried at all that the
guy got shot on the phone we're not we're not that's not part of the story you know only more do you
notice that that it's just about the it's about the lab now it's not about the fact that in addition
to all this evidence the guy got shot while he was on the phone with me that might corroborate
your claim a little more it's it's funny how he ignores that simply killed i believe by hardy's
head of security somebody didn't want him talking and all he was talking about was hard and uh
turn it just gave you the warrant well no i was hoping that you would vouch for me oh no he just
said it right there sorry it's not a part of it i need to send a unit to the address just as reconnaissance
if you're wrong Alex i'm not wrong
you got a warrant getting is the unit president right there on the way but Alex we couldn't get
full protective care they said it was a waste of money and unnecessary well what do they go
okay the team we're about to reach the destination did you want to listen in Alex
what are they doing oh they're going to get that lady okay
oh they're spilling stuff
hold on there's someone here there's a gun put the gun
suspect down we're shooting fast
sitting out the back there's a trail of blood someone's been dragged
they're sent almost Alex unbelievable
let's go get hardy again remember they're teaching students with this video what are they
teaching this i did it for my country a few thousand people from your country i did people die all
the time i created the vaccine you created the disease i saved millions i will be remembered
Alex can i see you for a second
that's Antonia Hardy she created the virus and the vaccine
Antonia Hardy what she submitted to everything she wanted to be famous narcissist or but
she's a psychopath i'm not saying anything different but it's not going to be a trial
no either you have to let it go i'm sorry Alex
makes you feel any better she'll be monitored for the rest of her life she won't build her
so much as even looking at the test you
done done done he did a good job he did a great job you found her
that's fantastic dr Hardy said the recent outbreak has made her realize how important
family is and how easily the things we love can be taken away
cardie's team discovered the vaccine late last night i shut it to think what could have been
if they hadn't channel 22 news would like to wish that so it also implies that vaccines are
just the way you can switch it off at the remote right wow hey oh yeah better they're also going
to do it here what happened yeah yeah hottie's been loaded as a hero it's exactly what she wanted
well the government was too invested in their work they had to lie yeah the government told
the truth happened anybody trust them anyway i just wanted to stop by and say good work
it's a shame it took an emergency to get us working together off the record always off the record
i gotta go as everything going at the department administering the vaccine counting the dead i'm
still technically on sick leave we should grab a coffee catch up we'll stay
i mean love interest in the end of the movie it's it's amazing it's an amazing it's it's an
educational film in five parts for a course in australia a place where they locked everybody down
and they did it hard look i'm going to go a little faster here maybe i can go to the end
sorry about that all you starring people just let's see where it ends here at what what they
show at the end i want this to end like the breakfast club yeah that would be nice here look look
what did i dismiss it come on you demon so the university of north new new south whales i think
is that one paper moose i guess is the what what made it but then king's college london
arizona state king's college london is where they did all that that modeling and stuff right that
that was one of the worst places in the universe for thinking about the pandemic and then australia
again is where they they really really locked down in australia and people accepted it or at least
we were made to see in in america that they basically accepted it i don't know how much
they really resisted i'm sure there were resistors but um so that's that's pretty phenomenal right
because i remember it's not only about what they did during the pandemic but what how they got people
to participate in this his regular exercises before the pandemic that drilled them into
believing that this is how the trains stop this is how the train starts when we declare a pandemic
we need your help we need your help we need you to get alongside this train and start pulling and
pushing and they make these people feel if you want a metaphor for this they make these people
feel as though if there's enough people on the train then you actually don't know for sure if
you're not helping maybe we are doing this and the people that participate in this little charade
with this guy actually start to convince themselves the more people that participate
they start to convince themselves that they're actually helping it's a bit like a tug-of-war
at a certain moment if there's enough people on the rope it's really actually hard to tell how
much you're contributing and at any given time if you lose your footing and you're not pulling on
the rope at all the rope doesn't suddenly slide away because the contribution that you make is
relatively small and the more people that you stack up on the side of this train the harder it is for
any individual person to say hey am i really helping stop this pandemic am i really helping
with the dissident movement and so much of the dissident movement is based on the idea that
people thought they were helping they were told they were helping they were told this is how you
can help you can help us by perpetuating these narratives and these discussions you can help
us by leading these discussions you can help us by making sure that we don't have any of these
discussions and so everyone as part of a national security priority was enveloped
in this elaborate exercise that made it seem like to the populace that there was an ongoing
response to an ongoing spread of a novel pathogen for which everyone was vulnerable and they all
agreed on that and by agreeing on it and agreeing to argue or not argue about these things
there were hundreds of people lined up against this train making us believe that they were stopping
and starting it that they were doing what was necessary and they weren't they were actually
doing the opposite they were sustaining an illusion that the worst case scenario potential of a pandemic
exists and is ongoing and that evidence for it includes the need for novel
treatments it includes the obvious obfuscation of effectivity of these novel treatments
so the whole fiasco about ivermectin and about hydroxychloroquine and the patently obvious fact
that some of these trials were just dumb done in the wrong way with the wrong doses and the
wrong timing made it possible for there to be a very vigorous debate about how ridiculous it was
that the government was covering up the effectiveness of these otherwise underutilized drugs
it's not for nothing that those trials were designed so poorly
it's so that this limited spectrum but very vigorous debate within it could be created
and maintained by these people and they are still maintaining it today
it is something that was so aptly described by our friend or used to be friend gnom Chomsky
smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of a acceptable
opinion but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum even encourage the more critical
and dissonant views even amplify using algorithms even amplify using fake or pseudo censorship
those limited spectrum of debate narrative curators like Brett Weinstein, Eric Weinstein,
Robert uh uh Joe Rogan, all these people, Alex Berenson and if you'd have got in the car with any
of those people when the novel virus was declared and that millions of people were dying from it
if you'd have gotten in the car with any of these people like I did you would have been fooled
and it would have mattered who you got in the car with they all agreed that there was a novel
virus they all agreed that millions of people were killed they all agreed that terrible things were
done but a lot of people were saved under the lockdown I mean they all agreed that gain a
function was a possibility they all agree it's going to come again Robert Malone does too
not too long ago Robert Malone did a left turn right turn left turn maneuver
that involves saying that that Robert F Kennedy junior wasn't as good of a presidential candidate
as as Donald Trump put his hat in the ring for Donald Trump and said that some evidence of of
things not going so well for Robert F Kennedy junior was the amazing organization CHD
and it's it's it's shocking because again Robert Malone's book is published by CHD's own own label
and that when he needed help and looked for for some support when he decided to to jettison his
career to save mankind more likely to try and claim a Nobel Prize
that this guy went to CHD for help went to Bobby for help and found it they published his book
and now after attending Bobby's announcement in Boston
and hugging the scientific advisor for Bobby and for CHD for many years Meryl Nasse at that
event in front of everyone less than a year later he's throwing Bobby under the bus for Donald Trump
and CHD under the bus for Donald Trump strange the only organization one of the only organizations
in America really fighting for children's health it's right there in the name
or proximal is what was the what were the origins of the virus that we're starting to get down to
breast axon and there's been all these other theories about whether it was released during
the military games etc that that right now is unsubstantiated rumor but we do have documentation
for is a cast now it's so bizarre for him to mention that because again we have George Webb
on 60 minutes in February of 2020 talking about how the American military may have released the virus
at the Wuhan games in October of that year and actually they did a whole stunt about him on 60
minutes with regard to censorship on social media Robert Malone declares George Webb is one of his
worst cyber enemies and has said it repeatedly and included him on a list that I'm also on
now it's very interesting that he now mentions the Wuhan games as being an unsubstantiated rumor
again that's another hat tip to George Webb it's an interesting hat tip to someone that he says is
just a medler a continuous hat tip over many articles over many mentions over many live links
and now yet another one let's go on to who else does he tat tip in this discussion
creative events that happened in the fall of 2019 involving the Wuhan Institute of
Virology and before that receding that involved uh eco-health alliance Peter Dazzack and uh USAID
and uh DITRA I broke the DITRA story uh and uh NIH and others uh including the CIA interacting
with the Wuhan Institute of Virology so those are the things that we can document those are the
things that we can document and we can document them in lots of books and in fact if you want
documents of that that probably the best book and it's a book that's got some biology of mine in it
is this one right here I think this one is probably the best book that documents that work and in
fact on the back of this book Robert Malone says let's see if we could do this here um Robert
Malone says did that not work here Robert Malone says this book is the most comprehensive historic
summary and indictment of the history of the United States BioWarefare Bio Defense program
ever written. Summarizing an amazing sweep of untold censored his untold censored history
the Wuhan cover-up offers a case study demonstrating the consequences of the situational ethical slide
which often occurs when a massive administrative bureaucracy fuses with an intelligence community.
Interesting among the other people who said good things about the book Meryl Nass is down here
Peter McCullough, Gavin De Becker, David Stockman, Francis Boyle, Tucker Carlson and Naomi Wolf.
Interesting interesting interesting so that's the book I'd recommend um so let's keep listening here
okay and uh we can go through all of these things you know one by one by one I know let's just talk
about let's just talk about what you said about the FDA so I had Sasha Latipova on the podcast and
she was very clear about this these are countermeasures and it's DoD and DARPA yeah you know when Sasha
Latipova says a lot of shit and she attacks me all the time she says a lot a lot of shit and she
attacks me all the time now there's something that I've been applying for a while on Twitter and
on the soapbox and I want to emphasize it here again I think that Robert Malone in his sub-stacks
where he's made a list of all the people that he thinks are bad guys most of those people on that
list are actually actors most of that people on those lists are actually in some way or another
coordinating their behavior with him even if it just means that they're pretending to antagonize
one another but are coordinatively pretending or rather protecting the the narrative of the
novel virus that was likely from gain of function and so I would argue that his suing of the
Breggans was uh not real I would argue that his antagonizing of George Webb is not real I would
argue that because of his streaming with repeatedly somebody like Paul Catrell who is
actually a fake medical doctor promoted by George Webb there's also reason there the list goes on
for a very very long list of reasons why it is absolutely um absolutely to note that right now
there is little or no difference between what Robert Malone says in this interview and what
is said on television now the argument that I want to make here is that on that list of people
that he says are bad guys include Sasha La Topova but Sasha La Topova and he have been on stage
together in Europe multiple times so it's hard for me for me to believe that somehow or another
they've had this huge falling out now and that hers say suggesting that somehow or another the
DoD or something like that is involved is somehow offensive to Robert Malone she said that on stage
next to him before on the same stage where also Merrill Nas was sitting in Stockholm Sweden
so there can be no doubt that something strange is happening when he has
very rarely lost his composure but suddenly decides here to lose his composure about Sasha
La Topova again someone who he's presented with internationally more than once uh as part of this
dissident movement that he's engaged in let me just escape out of here
and restart this slide to make sure we get it going correctly again
or proximal is what was the what were the origins of there's a lot of people that think that Sasha
La Topova actually is over says a lot of shit and she attacks me all the time okay she she
there's a lot of people that think that Sasha La Topova actually is controlled opposition
so hey she makes a lot of statements that are unsubstantiated and if you look at the documents
they are not nearly what she asserts they are okay but can i just clarify them i am i'm like
Sasha i'm actually an expert in government affairs and writing government contracts and
regulatory affairs okay i know what i'm talking about i have written OTA contracts
i know those clauses intimately okay i also did the deep dive into the emergency health
regulation documents and what they stipulate they stipulate uh for for declaration of emergency
that the DoD will be involved now Sasha makes wild claims that this is a DoD controlled operation
okay i haven't seen that documentation what i've seen is the clear documentation that
operation warp speed was conceived of by Bob Cadwick and Peter Marks that is well documented
okay those neither one of those are DoD personnel Bob Cadwick may well be CIA i don't know that for
a fact but there's a lot of things around him that suggest that that's the case but he is not DoD
okay those are the two that created operation warp speed and we're now deep in the bowels
of nitpicking out what actually transpired who did what okay and uh the what she so for instance
the uh i'm not sure if he's a lieutenant colonel or colonel now it was appointed
to head up the Moderna focus group by US government because he had prior experience in Ebola during
which time i mentored him came to me about a year and a half ago and and seemed to want to
unburden his soul about what transpired in those meetings and the dose selection for Moderna
but he was not driving the bus the DoD was not driving the bus it was essentially a selection
of DC bureaucrats working in public private partnership with Moderna that's that's what
that's the facts so it could have been so it could have been him she wants and she can attack me
until the cows come home but okay i know what i'm talking about okay okay i think i think i didn't
mean to mention i didn't realize she was attacking it by the way i don't um know about all this
stuff so i think it's it's trick or shit roby and others just go on and on and on right let's move
on from that so i think that that's that's nonsense um i'm going to i'm going to throw that out there
as the main message of this stream i don't think that sasha latipova and robert malone have an actual
rivalry here at all and i don't think that this argument is a real argument because in the end
they're not arguing at all about placebo batches they're not arguing at all about protocols they're
not arguing at all about the role of the opioid deaths in the totals they're not arguing at all
about excess mortality they're not arguing at all about the the the usefulness of transfection
they're not arguing at all about any of the things that would save our children from being
trapped in this mythology they're arguing about stuff that doesn't matter who leaked the virus
who's responsible for rolling out the shot or orchestrating the whole thing the the military
was most likely involved and we've said it in that first slide in the orchestration of the mass
casualty events maybe the mash casualty event in new york city but for the most part the rollout
of the shot if it was coordinated by the military in any way it was not dictated by the military
and that's what robert malone is probably telling the truth about here now let's
it was known that uh based on studies in stanford that the uh case fatality rate for infection
was about 0.02 percent that's j bonicharius
uh the pcr assay i remember you know in detail in the early situation um no one was allowed to run
a pcr assay or a diagnostic assay in the first few months they all had to be shipped to cdc
who it turns out at a horrible test okay so it's interesting to say that then right
that no one was allowed to do pcr in a bench no one was allowed to do it you had to send all
the samples to the cdc think about that think about that for a minute with all the drive-throughs
think about that with all the drive-throughs what was going on there and how unlikely it is
that those samples remained relevant as they were transported from drive-throughs
across the country to the cdc there's only one cdc there's only one building where this went on
so he's admitting that right now as part of the let's say wow what actually happened
what did we actually do how did we decide to institute these protocols and why did we
choose remdesivir this is completely missing from this discussion it's interesting and we're
gonna go i want to play the rest of this video and then i want to remind some people or point
out some of the things that are just absent from this two-hour interview with with
amadmalaq it's it's on you know that's a whole nother
rat's nest or rabbit hole i know what's up well went on at cdc so can we just agree one thing you
know with john i knew these paper i think he's from stanford and the you know princess diamond
data i mean the only pandemic was one on paper would you agree with me just say yes say yes i
disagree oh damn it just say yes there was an infectious virus that circulated the globe
do you disagree you know what even if there was there was nothing novel about it is that not a
purity test there was a novel virus that circulated the globe do you disagree
so there's the test right there it's all about sequences it's all about the sequencing if the
sequences aren't real then there was no novel virus if the sequences are not real there was no
novel virus we don't have any sequencing data from before 2020 we don't have any pcr data from 2020
never mind from before that so there is no data about the prevalence of this signal
before the pandemic because we weren't testing for it we didn't have tests that we thought were
specific for it we weren't sequencing for it because we didn't have a sequence primer set
that we thought was specific for it and those things all appeared after the declaration of the
pandemic and in fact he just said it that we didn't have a good pcr test so then we definitely
didn't have 99 primer sets that could be used to sequence the whole virus how does that work
how can we have a pcr test that doesn't have very good primers that's only found at the CDC
behind closed doors but but we were sequencing the virus how can we sequence the virus if we
don't have primers that are specific for it and then how did we develop the 99 primers that are
used in the Arctic sequencing primer set how does that work there are giant contradictions here that
we need to get down to the brass tacks about as mr boy said and that's what i think we need to
spend the next couple weeks doing is starting to get a really good understanding of how pcr
is supposed to work how it was implemented how it wasn't implemented and how sequencing is
supposed to work how it was implemented how it wasn't implemented so that we can understand
exactly how bamboozled we have become because this guy is not going to clear it up for us this
disambiguation wizard is going to maintain this faith in a novel novel virus forever
that's his job that's why he's here you know it's been around a long time come on that that is
that is just bullshit people people didn't die novel about it how about the fear and cleavage site
how about the fear and cleavage site four extra amino acids around 20 extra bases
how about the fear and cleavage site i mean at least you could have gone for the end of
nucleation sites right at least you could you could imply that it was a cloned coronavirus that
was made in a laboratory at least use the methodologies that would be relevant here
don't point out the fear and cleavage site that somebody as basic as as as Yuri Dagan said was
evidence for it being a a laboratory virus
don't use the one thing that charles rixie said made it the most transmissible virus in
history when we know that that's just nonsense what would those four amino acids do for the
replication competence of the virus what would those four amino acids do for the aerosol
transmission of the virus because these are again are things that rixie says and other people say
are very important it's a unique thing about this virus that it's not just by droplets it's
also by aerosol of course it is look at the size of these things and it doesn't matter if you add
a few more bases or a few more amino acids to the spike protein and this is the exact same illusion
that they did with the enrichment of avian flu and ferrets to make it aerosolized that
was a mythology the aerosolization of avian flu using ferrets what molecular changes in these
proteins resulted in the aerosol transmission of flu
you see the mythology they've laid down they fooled us into believing something that just isn't
congruent with reality what changes could you make to a small lipoprotein coated RNA
thing that would change its aerosolizable properties with a few bases or a few amino
acids what do you couldn't you imagine i can't and certainly these people have not demonstrated
such a thing such a phenomenon and yet somehow or another the fear and cleavage site that he
just mentioned was the source of debate lab or natural for more than two years it was the reason
why it was so transmissible so dangerous so wacky and that's what they covered up that's what they
lied about and then lo and behold that's what they were inserting in the in the diffuse proposal was
fear and cleavage sites into viruses that will then spray into bad caves
how about the fear and cleavage site says the disambiguation wizard Robert Malone
well that that is that is just bullshit people people didn't die novel about it how about the
fear and cleavage site the average life you just said is completely at odds with the data the
sequence data so the sequence data is what it's at odds with the 15 000 sequences that we have
found are obviously evidence of a spreading pathogen it couldn't be a pre-existing background
signal it couldn't be a confounded background signal it couldn't be nonsense it's gotta be
because the sequences it's at odds with the sequencing data a mad
Ahmed Dr. Malek don't you understand it's at odds with the sequencing data and Kevin McCurden can
tell you all about the sequencing data and you can't argue with him i mean what did they make him all up
ladies and gentlemen it is exceedingly odd that this many NATO members need to go to Romania
together that this many Americans need to go to Romania together what's really odd is how many of
these Americans are tied to the anthrax vaccines in the 90s including Robert Malone
Stephen Hatfield and Meryl Nass all involved in this really interesting song and dance
it had to do with old vaccines and new vaccines and whether they should be given or not given
everybody all these these three i mean what is Stephen Hatfield doing there how can he possibly
pretend to be a dissident when he wanted Barney masked at the beginning of the pandemic was telling
the worst stories about teamwork the teamwork case scenario could tell has been on the Bannon show
from the beginning till now and is now writing a book about hydroxychloroquine and how hydroxychloroquine
could have saved everybody and how it was sabotaged right in line with the Scooby-Doo
goes right with all the other books that we show on this stream all the time it just fits right in
hell the hydroxychloroquine story is featured in this one as well
it's part of the narrative guys it's part of the way that they've convinced even the author of this book
that there was a spreading pathogen that they were covering up for it that they were doing all kinds
of nefarious things to make worst-case scenario come true that's what they tell in this book
and it's not that far off from the truth because they did a lot of things and they sent a lot of
people around the world and on a lot of podcasts to make sure that the worst-case scenario would
be believed including by people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. including by organizations like
CHD and ICANN Network and all the other organizations that probably should be stronger as dissident
organizations but have been weakened or sabotaged from the inside by people who are
associated with team worst-case scenario that's what I think is happening here that's what you see
none of these people on the back of this book are promoting it they're promoting their own books
they're promoting their own their own nonprofits they're not promoting CHD even those CHD permits
his books he's not going to promote CHD he's going to trash it
Meryl Nast is starting her own non-profit to oppose the who but why can't CHD oppose the who
why do you need to take donors away from that organization and that wonderful cause that's
actually fighting the vaccine schedule and raising awareness that this is just one big scam
why would you ever want to break away from that organization to start an organization that
opposes the who when CHD and and and those moms and dads that work there are opposing the vaccine
schedule which really needs to be stopped in America it needs to be I mean come on
how are all these people abandoning that cause how can they have have gone from not knowing
what's going on to figuring out that all of this is a great big scam and then not
realize that the vaccine schedule in America is the biggest part of that scam
how is Jessica Rose not saying that all the time even though that she has a a program on CHD TV
how is she not saying that all the time even though she's on a program on CHD all the time
but they don't say that the vaccine schedule is criminal they don't talk about strict liability
they don't talk about the lack of spread why
why don't they do the math why can't the disambiguation wizard Robert Malone do the math why doesn't he
talk about the protocols having killed a pretty significant portion why doesn't he talk about
the fact that PCR could be misused it wasn't very useful before the pandemic why doesn't he
tell us all this stuff why doesn't he talk about the the projected Medicare costs that have been
saved by this lucky move he's definitely aware of him he's told you he's been an insider for years
it's annoying because he knows what he's talking about he's been walking around these
backrooms for decades so he knows that strict liability would kill this whole field this whole
industry he knows that strict liability would end this entire industry he knows that that the CICP
and the VICP and the kangaroo administrative court that that they represent is actually a
seventh amendment violation he's got to know that
just like a lot of lawyers know that but don't do anything about it they don't say anything
about it because they're part of this narrative they're part of this narrative that was started
decades ago that has been perpetuated with with exercises behind the scenes and which was was
seeded by this military exercise to make sure that the countermeasures would be rolled out
successfully and that their toxicity would be confounded with that of the pathogen and therefore
they could successfully convert us from one type of crappy vaccine to a much more interesting one
to them because it's cheaper and it is the rolling out of gene therapies which they really need to
test on people you can't test them on animals you need to test them on people
and they tell us the truth about this right they tell us the truth about this look
I'm gonna I'm gonna insert it right here I'm gonna make a real change to this grad this thing
quick hold on just one second let me insert a video and let me let someone else tell you
how this works because I think it's really important for you to understand how this works
and let me just do this really quick sorry it takes me just a second to get it in and here
and this goes up there and it's there and then with it so here let's do this again thank you very
much for that little chant so again we have these we we did papers we funded
research and implied that there was pandemic potential we told a bunch of people in bureaucracies
that there was pandemic potential and we funded those grants and then we seeded the narrative at
the beginning using a team of worst case scenario actors in order to make sure that all of the
possibilities that would happen with the transfection of the novel protein
would actually be blamed on the virus and so that could be confounded and we used a national
security priority and to make sure that we can control these participants either the ones that
we trained or the ones that we co-opted oh um Tedros is going to be your doctor he will tell you
what the what vaccines you must have what drugs you must have if there's a pandemic and what drugs
you're not allowed to have so you can forget ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine next time right um there's
a lot more to it than that it's um the way they're going to push the 100 day vaccines is by shaving
time off of every part of vaccine development like safety and efficacy every single new i mean we
just reported today right you have a new booster it's being tried on mice there's no human studies
being done these are brand new forms of the virus right if we're looking at some people
to even argue that armacron wasn't the original virus to begin with so it's a different virus
and so whatever doesn't matter how much it changed if it's totally different we're just gonna try it
on mice because hey our human trials went so well we don't even have to do that again right well
precisely you don't want to test it on humans because you might find out right it's not safe right it
doesn't work um what i want the audience to know is that you cannot do safety trials in animals
it's impossible animals behave very differently than humans yeah you must vaccinate or give a
drug to humans and then you have to watch them and you have to watch them for a period of time like
at least six months to find out what are the long-term side effects for vaccines you often get auto
immune effects and they can take a considerable time to develop yeah so testing on mice is like
not testing at all um so if we want to be bound by these new amendments and a and new treaty
basically we can say goodbye to democracy and freedom and so she's arguing that the who and the
treaty that the who is is altering is going to is going to take away our democracy and our freedom
she's not reminding you that we could just strike the prep act using a seventh amendment
violation he's she's not reminding you that the vaccine act of 1986 could also be removed in theory
we could just elect people that would write new laws or get rid of the ability for
health and human services to declare an emergency these are things that America can do
we can just step out of the who and stop giving money to them and so it's really weird because
the solution that's offered is not really a very workable one and it's not a very
doesn't seem to be a very tangible one and more importantly she seems to be
enunciating very clearly what what marcoolac has implied and that is that they're trying to shift
us into accepting the fact that the only way we're going to ever learn how any of these potential
transfection technologies could be useful is to use them on people and so we are going to be
the test subjects
and and I think that this is a pretty accurate way of thinking about what they want to do with our
children they want them to surrender their sovereignty and their medical data to monitoring so that
that therapies can be tried that transfections can be can be or or other methodologies can be tried
all under the pretense that because of the bonus that the the the basic methodology of
transfection was proven to fundamentally work by the pandemic then we have this huge problem
where where we can be it can be substituted now we don't need to test it all because again it's
checked out you know that message is coming and more or less that's the same message that
maryll's giving here she's just giving it to you in a more cynical and you shouldn't like it sort
of way but she's telling you why it is because testing these things in mice isn't going to do
anything testing this stuff and mice isn't going to teach us anything so she's telling you the truth
just not really in my mind giving you a very tangible way to oppose that that the imposition
of that truth the imposition of that new world order and that's because she's not really
freeing you from the idea that pandemic potential in badcaves is a joke
that pandemic potential in laboratories is a joke that the only real danger is infectious
clones that could be made in quantity and that these self replicating RNAs could potentially
cause symptomologies that could be misconstrued as viral spread and that virology is basically
done using these molecular preparations and therefore the whole illusion of pandemic potential
is essentially based on it and if this truth is forgotten if this lie becomes the truth then
we're in big trouble our kids are in huge trouble because the compartmentalization of biology is
going to stay the same and then these kids are never going to never going to be able to break through
it because once the liars are dead then the people that are perpetuating the teaching of the liars
are just just doing what they think their guru wants them to do right so we're really
at a crossroads here because it's it's it's even remotely possible that a lot of what
Robert Malone says he believes because he was trained by some of these people who are the
actual liars if Robert Gallo for example and and and David Baltimore are liars
about the fundamentals of virology the fundamentals of cancer biology the fundamentals of molecular
biology and with reference to these viral particles and retroviruses then all these people that have
learned from them as gurus they're in big trouble because they're trapped in that
and maybe that's why Robert Malone is so annoyed right now because he is still trapped like I was
trapped because I had limited experience with using adenovirus transfection therefore I figured
well and other viruses must exist too when in reality adenovirus transfection might very well
be just that a preparation so why are they creating this pandemic there's a million different
reasons but the main one is to protect this mythology forever this immunomethology about viruses
about pathogens that can be fought with with vaccination and this long history of this medical
miracle they want the youth to submit to this they want the youth to accept it they want us
to teach our kids that a pandemic happened and that mistakes were made they want our kids to grow
out believing that some of those mistakes when corrected will result in a new normal
and that new normal will be the fracturing of western civilization on this break and the
scattering of it to the wind we can't let our kids be beat we can't let this happen
can't let our kids get on this train and ride away can't let them grow up believing that
epidemics have been stopped by vaccination we can't grow up we let them grow up in schools where
this the science teacher is teaching that novel coronaviruses can jump and that that's what
happened a few years ago we can't let science teachers in our schools teach that asymptomatic
spread is real and that masks can help stop that we can't let our science teachers in our high
schools teach that gain of function research is real and that RNA can pandemic we can't
we've got to get our kids off this train before it pulls out of the station
we've got to get our kids off this train before it pulls out of the station or we'll lose them forever
and so I think the way to pull them out and the way to pull our heads out is to realize that clones
are a lot like viruses are a lot like mixtapes whatever they found whatever metabioda found
whatever they purport to find as RNA signals in the wild are just ghosts and those ghosts don't grow
they can't be copied and when they do copy them they are not very easy to copy they don't do it
very well they fizzle out very quick they're not like CDs that you can make a mixed CD and then
make a copy of that mix and it'll be pretty good you can't do that with viruses viruses are RNA
RNA is single-stranded and no matter what it is in a bat no matter what it is in a human when
you try to culture it it usually doesn't work it doesn't work it doesn't last you can't just
keep it going because it's changing all the time because it's making mistakes all the time because
the vast majority of those particles are replication incompetent thank you Robert Malone the way that
coronavirus has overcome this the coronavirus science biology has overcome this
is they sequence these RNAs and then they make a DNA of them i'm going to escape for a second
restart this slide because it's playing a little slow
it's going to keep going slow it looks like so they can sequence the viruses and they can make
a DNA copy of them and those DNAs that's the equivalent of not the cassette tape but the CD
and the DNA because it's double-stranded has a real proofreading mechanism and it can be grown
with high fidelity in a bacterial culture bacteria will reliably replicate that DNA in
high relatively high fidelity and so with a coronavirus and a very large genome like a coronavirus you
might need to use five different plasmids here in this diagram five different plasmids to constitute
the whole genome of the coronavirus but then after you do that you can you can take this
bacteria out of these cultures you can lice them you can take the DNA out of them you can
ligate the DNA together and then using RNA polymerase or applying it to a cell culture
using electroporation or something else you can convert it to RNA if you use a commercial
enzyme like RNA polymerase like a t7 RNA polymerase then you can you will get errors
but the DNA that you start with will be pretty darn close to pure which means that the RNA that
you produce will also be pretty darn close to pure it will be a very high quantity of that RNA
and it will be much much much more pure and abundant at a higher concentration than anything
that could be produced from the sample that you found in nature thousands if not hundreds of
thousands of times more concentrated more pure than anything that you could generate from the RNA
sample that you find in nature and because you made it in DNA you can make as much as you want you
can go back to the DNA as often as you want and anytime you make RNA you can
create cell cultures that will show cytotoxic effect you can create animal models that will
show immune reaction and you can send it to other laboratories so that they can do those things
you could also make an industrial size amount of it and you could deploy it
and effectively transfect people with the RNA that you make if it has an RNA dependent RNA
polymerase then you're essentially trying to make self-replicating RNA and then you could spray
that around and everywhere you sprayed it it would be detectable by PCR because that RNA could be
converted with RNA or with reverse transcriptase to DNA and then you could do a PCR reaction on it
so infectious clones or the DNA that is used to produce infectious clones could be deployed as
a way of creating a PCR background that is positive now that may not have been necessary
they may have already known that there was a background that could be confounded as a signal
but for sure there is a very definitive way in which that they could insert the signal that they
wanted to find even make it impossible for the Chinese not to report the signal that they wanted
them to find and in fact the sequence of the spike protein that they wanted them to find could
easily have been implanted implanted in these places using infectious clones and that's why they
don't talk about it that's why this is the biology that they ignore they don't want to talk about
the infectious cycle because that's the biology they want to ignore and about those things and
those incongruencies that no virus people like the Bailey's were definitely right
and so here we are with this illusion of consensus after five years and going that a novel virus
circulated the globe and is still circulating that we have evidence of its spread and evidence of
its evolution and this faith in a novel virus has resulted in seven million people being killed
worldwide by a virus and many more by bad protocols and and lockdowns and this kind of thing but we
had to do it because gain of function is real and thank heaven transfection works better than
expected and saves so many people this is what people believe and we can't let them believe it
look five years show that to the college kids show the trillions of dollars that have been made
show the data that's been collected on them as they sold all the remnants of all the tests that
they had to do in 2021 2020 and 2021 they went back to college in 2020 and Richard Ebright said that
250,000 college kids were going to die if we sent them back to college and we did we sent them back
to college we made them test all the time we made them quarantine the whole nine yards and that was
and that was only in 2020 and in 2021 before any of these supposed dissident leaders like Brett
Weinstein or or Steve Kirsch or Robert Mon had anything to say that would have saved them
they helped in every way possible to brainwash these young people into believing that there was
an ongoing pandemic despite the fact that there were doctors all over the world and adults all
over the world that were saying that that was impossible they drawn them out to seed the faith
and the faith is a lie it's a background signal it doesn't have to be viruses it can just be
RNA and DNA noise that has been confounded by people like Nathan wolf and meadow biota and
metagenomic sequencing to be evidence of spreading pathogens and it's just not there it's just not
real but the childhood vaccine schedule is dependent on us believing that and so we need to call for
a pause a stop of the childhood vaccine schedule now strict liability for all pharmaceutical products
and investigation into this whole mess and get out of the who entirely get rid of our CDC if you
want to know who the medlers are they're not talking about the childhood vaccine schedule in America
as being a crime they're not talking about strict liability for all pharmaceutical products they're
not talking about the deadly protocols at all not one mention of the deadly protocols in that
Dr. Malik interview at all would have been nice if Dr. Malik could have mentioned the protocols
and asked what proportion Robert Malone thought that that we could explain because we would have
heard very clearly him defend the fact that nobody was killed by the protocols I also didn't hear
anything in that Robert Malone video about the domain program even though the domain program was
something that he bragged about for the first year and about how he made a a computer model of x-ray
crystallography of the main three cl protease so that he could interface that with all known drugs
and pharmaceuticals from the FDA and see which ones would help and remdesivir and femotidine were
two of them that were selected how come he didn't mention that at all in
Malik's podcast even though he's told that story a million times the domain
program hasn't been mentioned in a long long time not since people like Mark Koolack and myself
have trashed it as probably just a joke you couldn't have done that in three weeks with a volunteer
team but that's what Robert Malone told Stephen Hatfield on the Tommy podcast Stephen Hatfield
the guy in the same picture in Romania that that one the guy that was originally accused of the
anthrax leaks in 2001 that guy that's right they don't use the word transfection
except we're enforced they don't talk about clones at all except for David Martin
who talks about clones relative to infectious replication defective clones
implying that there are replication competent clones and I'm suggesting to you that the whole
existence of clones implies that there aren't replication competent viruses that really circle
the globe that you need to make a clone of them even to study them and to get them to exist for
any length of time oh ladies and gentlemen we are so close to breaking this we just got to keep
the steady pressure i'm going to pick up the slack a little bit as mark usatonic reorganizes in the
background and gets his energy back and and re-orient because I know that he's not giving up or or
dropping out but this takes time and people with real lives and real families with real wives and
maybe even in a not planned grandchild that you have to take care of these people have stuff to do
i've got three kids and a wife i've got rent to pay and i've i just recently was laid off
by what i thought was going to be a dream job for telling the truth about this telling the truth
about these people and so i do definitely need your help i do definitely need your support to
keep breaking this illusion and so stop all transfections in humans is my my main message
they are trying to eliminate the control group but i do also have another message and that is
that the sacred biology is something that you can come to understand if you come to understand
that sacred biology will become obvious to you why intramuscular injection of any combination of
substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb it will become obvious
why transfections in humans is criminally negligent there are thousands if not hundreds of thousands
of academic biologists who should have done known better and still can be awakened
and this is the kind of momentum that we need to go for because if those people can be awakened
then we maybe can save these young people who are currently completely trapped in this mythology
and it is definitely a mythology that was seeded by people like the intellectual dark web
and so let's try to build this idea of an intellectual bright web of people that you can trust people
that are supported by moms and dads and hard-working americans and hard-working people around the world
that want freedom and prosperity and and and and well-being for their children and their grandchildren
that's what giga-home biological is all about
so please if you can share my work share my websites and most importantly if you can please
subscribe it's down at the bottom the first level is ten dollars a month and if we had a thousand
of those people this work would be perpetuated forever if we have a thousand annual subscribers
then maybe we we make an institute or we make uh we make some kind of uh school where people can
come and stay and and and maybe we develop a curriculum i don't know but i do know that that
dream and the dream of giga-home biological being like a permanent fixture on the internet
is already being supported by these people and so if you want to help and you want that to be a
reality please dream with me giga-home biological or the foreseeable future i really think it's
possible i really think that we they we have earned it so join the team and i'll see you tomorrow